# Database
# POSSIBLEANSWERS DB 
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## createPossibleAnswers

Inserts possible answers into the possible answers table.

### Parameters

-   `possibleAnswers` **[Array][1]** Array of all arrays of possible answers (ex. \[[surveyid, questionid, atext, avalue, index]])

Returns **[Array][1]** Array containing the ID of all possible answers just created.

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array


# QUESTIONS DB 
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## createQuestions

Inserts questions into the questions table.

### Parameters

-   `questions` **[Array][1]** Array of all arrays of questions (ex. \[[surveyID, qtext, qdesc, qtype, qweight, required]])

Returns **[Array][1]** Array containing the ID of all questions just created.

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array


# RESPONSES DB 
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## createResponses

Inserts responses into the responses table.

### Parameters

-   `responses` **[Array][1]** Array of all arrays of responses (ex. \[[surveyID, questionID, text]])

Returns **[Array][1]** Array containing the ID of all responses just created.

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array


# SURVEYS DB 
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## createSurvey

Inserts a survey in the database.

### Parameters

-   `survey` **[Object][1]** Survey object of the form {name, openDate, closeDate, desc, author, imageURL}.

Returns **int** Database ID of the survey just created.

## getAllSurveys

Gets the surveys matching specific parameters.

### Parameters

-   `search` **[string][2]** Matches with survey names.
-   `filter` **[Array][3]** Filters results by open, openingsoon, closed, closingsoon.
-   `sort` **[string][2]** Sorts results by new, old, or alphabetical

Returns **[Array][3]** Surveys matching specific parameters.

## getSurvey

Get the desired survey (including questions and possible answers) from the database.

### Parameters

-   `id` **int** ID of the desired survey.

Returns **[Array][3]** Each rows represents a possible answers but also contains the survey and related question data.

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

