# Services
# RESPONSE SERVICE 
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## createResponses

Formats the responses into a way the db file is expecting.

### Parameters

-   `responses` **[Array][1]** Array of objects of the form {surveyID, questionID, text}.

Returns **[Array][1]** The result of the responses.db call (array of created responses IDs).

## getResponses

Calls the db file to get all the responses for this survey, formats them, returns them.

### Parameters

-   `id` **int** ID of the survey you want the responses for.

Returns **[Array][1]** Array containing the responses (if any).

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array


# SURVEY SERVICE 
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## createSurvey

Deconstructs the survey object into its parts (survey, questions, possible answers) and formats each of three
into a format the db files are expecting, then calls the respective db files to create.

### Parameters

-   `survey` **[Object][1]** Survey object of the form {name, desc, author, openDate, closeDate, questions: \[]}.

Returns **int** Placeholder return 1 for now.

## getAllSurveys

Calls the db file to get the surveys.

### Parameters

-   `search` **[string][2]** Matches with survey names.
-   `filter` **[Array][3]** Filters results by open, openingsoon, closed, closingsoon.
-   `sort` **[string][2]** Sorts results by new, old, or alphabetical

Returns **[Array][3]** Surveys matching specific parameters.

## getSurvey

Calls the db file to get a survey then formats the result into a JSON object.

### Parameters

-   `id` **int** ID of desired survey.

Returns **[Object][1]** An object representing the survey, questions, and possible answers.

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

